there's a lot I mean there's a real
camaraderie here right and kind of maybe
like like the bad brother in in this
family josh has Darby drunk what is just
on the he's always pranking me but
during season three I think he really
came on hard with his price Tony Goldwyn
was directing this episode my room we
were in the conference room and before
every take we were on these chairs that
roll around on wheels and we're both in
the scene before ever take he would take
his heel and push the chair as far as he
could across the room I was trying to do
a good job not realizing that what he
was looking for was a reaction and then
I burst and that's where you needed to
be for the scene what is he the worst
thing Josh I mean there's small things
there's shaving cream behind door
handles how ours was like that's all
that's what the worst thing he did was
he got some amazing technology that made
it look like george newbern had sent me
an email that was incredibly
inappropriate yes I was like what what
is this I didn't do it I didn't do it
he's wreaking out
Jimmy Kimmel gave me the second you sent
me on the second most important Jewish
holiday April Fool's Day gets called
into the principal's office because
George is very upset I'm very upset I
can't believe I got an email like this
and we find out that of course it's Josh
Malina April Fool's Day and Josh has
been told that he has to come to George
and I and make a formal sincere apology
to our than an apology this is an
elaborate prank so this goes even to the
point where Joel and Tony went and did
an appearance on Good Morning America
where they barged in on a family while
they were watching scandal a family that
was they're big fans of scandal just to
set this prank up so they did that on
Good Morning America and then we told
Katie who was in on the prank and Josh
who was not that they were going to
barge in on a family during scandal and
what they did not know is that the
family was a family of actors and that
when they got there something terrible
was gonna happen
so here we are in Mission Control as we
call it freely the garage we've got
monitors so we can see everything that
goes on in the house Josh Malina is on
his way he thinks this is for Good
Morning America it is not for good
morning night America here we go
everybody let's do this let's do this
damn work he deserves this he sure does
have this basket of goodies you're going
to see this confetti cannons walking so
it's weight so you see the arrows
you just twist I'm gonna come out it's
gonna fly out are you ready hey guys
Katie and Josh and Ryan and mama mama
oh we're gonna surprise mama you don't
know yes you are and vice versa
I'm just gonna do this right
hello I hear you guys are watching some
scam
[Music]
[Laughter]
[Applause]
[Music]
[Laughter]
we should grab his hand
you could grab from sorry
[Music]
what happened what happened here
so are you okay
[Applause]
[Music]
we were hired for this job by all your
friends from scandal who are so grateful
for all your many pranks over the years
they didn't have it coming next time you
put somebody next time you guys are
[Laughter]
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos